He dancing here not paiseh meh?; Isn’t he embarrassed that he is dancing here?
Mai paiseh lah come eat together.; Don’t be shy, feel free to join us for food.
Today weather damn shiok.; The weather is really nice today.
This curry chicken damn shiok.; This plate of curry chicken is delicious.
Don’t run here run there, later you fall down then you know!; Don’t run around, when you fall down you’ll regret not listening to me!
I where got like apples!; That’s not true, I don’t like apples!
Where you want to makan?; Where do you want to eat at?
Going to rain already.; It is going to rain soon.
Why take so long to come?; Why did you take such a long time to come?
You got kopi?; Do you serve coffee?
Here have meh?; Are you sure they have it here?
You think I am what?; Who do you take me for?
He sure kena caught one.; He will certainly be caught.
Help me chope that table leh.; Please help me to reserve that table.
Eh where you hide my phone ah?; Where did you hide my phone?
This guy stand for 5 minutes tired already.; This man is already tired after standing for only 5 minutes.
Aiya, computer kena virus again.；Oh no, the computer has been infected by a virus again.
Alamak, I thought we meeting today sia.; Oh no, I thought we were meeting today.
He everytime liddat one. ; He is always like that.
Anything lor; Anything is fine
We go atas restaurant eat steak lah!; Let’s go to a fancy restaurant to eat some steak! 
He blur sotong.; He is very clumsy.
He bo chup one.; He doesn’t care.
He damn bo liao.; He has nothing better to do.
Wah go shopping bojio!; You didn’t invite me to go shopping with you!
This Friday I buay sai, got exam need study.; I can’t make it this Friday as I need to study for exams.
Wah weather so hot really buay tahan!; I can’t deal with this hot weather!
Don't talk until so chim leh.; Please do not use such complicated language.
Faster chiong to the canteen, if not later long queue.; Let’s head to the canteen quickly, if not there might be a long queue later.
Eh chop chop finish your work so can go home earlier.; Finish your work quickly so we can go home earlier.
I confirm plus chop you cannot find a lower price outside of this store.; 
Eh help me dabao, I lazy go out buy food.; Please help me to take-away some food as I am too lazy to head out.
Oi don't eye power leh!; Please do not just stand there and watch!
He geh kiang volunteer to be the leader; He 
Got full marks now come hao lian la!; You are acting so arrogant now because you received full marks.
Jerry kena scolded by the teacher cos he failed.; Jerry was scolded by the teacher because he failed.
Wa parents nowadays so kiasu.; Nowadays, parents are afraid of losing.
He is a lao jiao.; He is very experienced
Me and my friends like to go shopping mall lepak after school.; My friends and I like to go to the shopping mall to relax after school.
Got any lobang to earn money?; Do you have any opportunities for me to earn money?
What you want to makan for dinner?; What do you want to eat for dinner?
This Saturday we go beach, onz?; Would you like to go to the beach this Saturday?
Paiseh, just now bathing can't reply your message.; Sorry, I was bathing and couldn’t reply to your message.
Wa, this guy rabak sia; This guy is out of control
My workplace really like rojak; My workplace is really diverse
I’m damn shag; I’m very tired
Sibeh excited.; Very excited
Simi sai, he passed his driving in less than two months.; No way, he passed his driving in less than two months.
This restaurant damn ulu.; This restaurant is very remote.
This Julian like some wayang king.; Julian is a show-off.
Wah he play game damn zai; He is very good at playing games.
