1 Starting arh, God make the sky and the ground.
2 The ground bo shape, bo simi; den the deep on top is orr-orr one. 
Then the Spirit of God float at the water on top.
3 Den God say, “On light leh”; and den got light lor.
4 Den God see the light is tok kong lah; 
den God make the light and dark kena separated.
5 God say the light is Day, then dark He say is Night. 
Got evening, got morning, so first day.
6 Den God say, “All the water in between must have dua lobang, 
so then the dua lobang can separate some water and other water.”
7 So God made the dua lobang, then divide the downstair water from the upstair water; like that lor.
8 Den God say the dua lobang is Heaven. 
Got evening, got morning, so second day.
9 Den God say, “All zhui under the sky must go one place, den dry land can come out”; den like that lor.
10 Den God say the dry land is Earth, den all the water is call Ocean. 
Den God see it is hor seh.
11 Den God say, “the earth must got chao, herb also put out seed, and fruit tree must have the fruit come out sama-sama, the seed some more hor inside one, on the earth”; and so like that lor.
12 And so earth now got chao, herb also put out seed like its kind, and the tree put fruit, the seed inside one like its kind. 
And God see it was hor ah.
13 So evening and morning, third day liao.
14 Den God say, “The sky hor shine light must different at night and day; 
and must signal and got seasons, and got days and got years;
15 and like lights in the sky give the light to the earth”.
16 Den God made two maxi lights: the more kiang light rule the day lah, and the not so kiang light rule the night lor. The stars also He make one.
17 God put dem in the lobang of the heavens to shine light on earth,
18 and to rule over the day and over the night, and to divide the light from the darkness. And God saw it was power.
19 So evening, morning, fourth day.
20 Den God say, “Let the water inside jin zui all kind of living thing, and let birds fly in the sky.”
21 So God created jin dua jiak sea creatures and every living thing that eh sai move one, with which the waters wu yi lang, according to their kind, and every winged bird according to its kind. And God saw it was hor seh.
22 And God blessed dem, saying, “Multiply zueh zueh, and fill all the ocean, and let birds multiply on the earth.”
23 So evening and morning, fifth day lor.
24 Den God say, “Let earth arh bring the living creature look like that: then the cattle and creeping thing plus earth the beast, also li'dat”; and then li'dat lor.
25 And God made the beast of the earth li'dis, cattle li'dat, and hum pah lang that creeps on the earth like its kind. And God saw that it was jin jia ho.
26 Den God say, “I make lang look lie wa nang; let dem mm tim over the sea der ikan, over air der bird, and oso the cattle, over all[b] the earth and creep on earth der hum pa lang.”
27 So God make lang look lie him; in the image of God He make der; tah po and char bo He make der.
28 Den God bless, den tell dem, “Be fruitful and seng zui zui kia; fill the earth and subdue it; have dominion over the fish of the sea, over the bird bird in the air, and over every living thing dat moves on earth.”
29 Den God say, “See arh, wa give you every herb that bukka seed which is on the face of all the earth, and every tree whose fruit yields seed; you go and eat ah.
30 Orso, to every beast of the earth, to every bird bird of the air, and to everything dat creeps on earth, in which there is life, I also already give them green herb to eat”; den li'dat lor.
31 Den God saw everything that He make oreddy, and indeed it was steady pom pi pi. 
So the evening and the morning were the sixth day.
1 And den hor after that the upstairs and earth finish liao, very big project lor.
2 Day seben liao God's work finish oreddy, 
so He lim kopi and kiao kar on day seben.
3 And den after dat God bless day seben, now very holy lah. 
because he rested from all the work he do ma.
4 Dis the story of the dua lobang and the earth when dey make liao, 
when God make the earth and the dua lobang.
5 Now bo cao come out on the earth and qiu zang of upstairs come out yet, for the Lord God upstairs lor hor on the earth and no one do work,
6 but water come out of the tor ka and cover ebbrything.
7 Then the Lord God make orang from the dust of the tor ka 
and breathed into his pi kang the breath of life, and den he living wan.
8 Now, hor, the Lord God oreddy plant one taman in east-wan, in Eden; 
and there he put the orang he make-wan.
9 The Lord God made all kind of ma'dder-fa'dder-son tree grow out of the ground—trees that were jin sui and got jin hor jiak eh mi kia. In the middle of the garden were the tree of life and the tree of the knowledge of good and evil.
10 Got one zui watering the taman dat flow from Eden; after it den split into four zui.
11 First one is call Pishon; dat one goes through the whole place Havilah, where got gold.
12 The gold derr very zai. Got nice smelling resin and onyx stone also.
13 Second zui call Gihon; it goes around the whole place call Cush.
14 Third one is call Tigris; dat one go through the east side of Ashur. And the four one call Euphrates.
15 Lord God take the man and den put him in Taman Eden to work it and sayang it.
16 And the Lord God tell him, “You want to makan from any tree in the garden, can;
17 but you must not makan from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, otherwise confirm mati kiao.”
18 The Lord God say, “The orang by his ownself tak boleh. I make someone to dao ka qiu for him.”
19 Now the Lord God make from the ground come out all the wild animals and all the jiao in the sky. He bring to the man to see what he call them; and what the man call them, become derr name.
20 So the man give the name to all the farm animal, the jiao in the sky and all the wild animals. But cannot find someone dao ka qiu for Adam leh.
21 So the Lord God make him knockout; and while he koon, he took one of the bak kut, den closed up the place with bak.
22 Den the Lord God make a char bor from the bak kut from the da por, and he bring her to the da por.
23 Adam say, “Dis now bone of my bone and meat of my meat; she call 'woman,' 'cos she was take from man."
24 Dat is why prang must siam his lao peh and lao bu, go combine with bor, and they become one bak.
25 Adam and his taitai bo cheng sa bo cheng kor, and they buay paiseh.
1 whoa the snake ah, jin rabak sia, more cunning then all the animal in the garden eh! And he say to the woman, "God really say you cannot eat from every tree in the garden meh?"
2 Den the woman tell the snake, "He say can eat fruit from the garden tree lah;
3 but den the fruit from the middle tree, God say, "You cannot eat that one hor, cannot touch also, otherwise confirm die"
4 Den the snake say to the woman, "Won't die one lah!
5 God say li'dat is cos God know the day you eat from that tree , your eyes sure open, then you become same like God, know good know evil."
6 So when the woman saw the tree was good to eat, also steady (swee swee), (and also make you smart), she pluck the fruit and eat lor. She also give to her husband and he also eat.
7 (Den their eyes both open, and they knew that they naked; and they sew fig leaves together and make themselves some clothes.)
8 Den dey hear the sound of the Lord God walk here walk there in the garden in the cool of the day, and Adam and his taitai siam from the Lord God among the trees of the garden.
9 Den the Lord God call to Adam and ask him “Where you ah?”
10 So he said, "I hear Your voice in the garden, den I Chua-Sai because I bo cheng sha; I take cover lor."
11 Den He say, "Who tell you you naked leh? You eat from the tree I tell you dun eat from isit?"
12 Den the man said, "Dat Zhabor You gave to be with me, she gib me from the tree, den I eat lor."
13 Den the Lord God tell the guniang, "What you do ah!?" The guniang say, "The snake bluff me, so I eaten the fruit lor..."
14 So the Lord God say to the snake: "Because of what you do, You kena curse more than all the animal, You will crawl on your stomach, And you will eat dust, until your whole life finish.
15 : And I will make you and the woman become enemy, (And between your children and her children; He will use hand wack your head, And you will use your mouth wack his leg.)" 
16 To the guniang He say: "I will make alot more pain when you give birth; In pain you give birth boy and girl; (Your desire shall be for your husband, and he will command and in charge of you.”)
17 He then tell Adam, "Because you listen to your taitai, and eat from the tree that I tell you 'don't eat from this and you eat': Cursed is the ground for your sake In dust you shall eat of it all the day of your life.
18 Both thorns and thistles shall produce to you, 
19 And you shall eat the herb of the field.
20 Den Adam called his taitai's name Eve, because she was the mother of all living creatures.
21 Orso for Adam and his taitai the Lord God made tunics of skin, and give dem cloth to wear.
22 Den the Lord God say, "See lah, the man go become like one of Us, also know good and evil. And now, if he later eat fruit from tree of live, and live forever,.jialat la...” —
23 therefore the Lord God kick him out of the garden of Eden to till the ground from which he was taken.
24 So He kick out the orang; and He put angel in front of taman Eden, and a firery sword that turn left turn right, to block the way to the tree of life, in case Adam come back.

He dancing here not paiseh meh?; 
Mai paiseh lah come eat together.; 
Today weather damn shiok.; 
This curry chicken damn shiok.; 
Don’t run here run there.; 
Later you fall then you know!; 
I where got like apples!; 
Where you want to makan?; 
Going to rain already anot?; 
Why take so long to come?; 
You got kopi?; 
Here have meh?; 
You think I am what?; 
He sure kena caught one.; 
Help me chope that table leh.; 
Eh where you hide my phone ah?; 
Aiya, computer kena virus.; 
Alamak, I thought we meeting sia.;
He everytime liddat one.; 
Anything lor.; 
We go atas restaurant eat lah!; 
He blur sotong.; 
He bo chup one.;
He damn bo liao.;
Wah go shopping bojio!; 
This Friday I buay sai.;
Wah weather so hot really buay tahan!;
Don't talk until so chim leh.;
Faster chiong to the canteen.; 
If not later long queue.; 
Eh chop chop finish your work.; 
Confirm plus chop.;
Eh help me dabao.; 
Oi don't eye power leh!; 
Now come hao lian la!; 
Jerry kena scolded cos he fail.;
Wa parents nowadays so kiasu.; 
He is a lao jiao.; 
I like to go shopping mall lepak.; 
Got any lobang for jobs?; 
What you want to makan?; 
We go beach, onz?; 
Paiseh, just now bathing.; 
Wa, this guy rabak sia.; 
My workplace really like rojak.;
I’m damn shag.; 
Sibeh excited.; 
Simi sai, he two months pass liao.; 
This restaurant damn ulu.; 
Julian like some wayang king.;
Wah he play game damn zai.; 